=head1 NAME

? - implement ?

=head1 SYNOPSIS

TODO

=head1 DESCRIPTION

...

=head2 XML Schema Definition

 <!--
 <info> response elements.
 -->
 <complexType name="infDataType">
  <sequence>
    <element name="name" type="eppcom:labelType"/>
    <element name="roid" type="eppcom:roidType"/>
    <element name="status" type="domain:statusType"
     minOccurs="0" maxOccurs="11"/>
    <element name="registrant" type="eppcom:clIDType"
     minOccurs="0"/>
    <element name="contact" type="domain:contactType"
     minOccurs="0" maxOccurs="unbounded"/>
    <element name="ns" type="domain:nsType"
     minOccurs="0"/>
    <element name="host" type="eppcom:labelType"
     minOccurs="0" maxOccurs="unbounded"/>
    <element name="clID" type="eppcom:clIDType"/>
    <element name="crID" type="eppcom:clIDType"
     minOccurs="0"/>
    <element name="crDate" type="dateTime"
     minOccurs="0"/>
    <element name="upID" type="eppcom:clIDType"
     minOccurs="0"/>
    <element name="upDate" type="dateTime"
     minOccurs="0"/>
    <element name="exDate" type="dateTime"
     minOccurs="0"/>
    <element name="trDate" type="dateTime"
     minOccurs="0"/>
    <element name="authInfo" type="domain:authInfoType"
     minOccurs="0"/>
  </sequence>
 </complexType>

=head2 Attributes

There are no xml attributes on this element.

=head2 Elements

=over

=item B<registrant>

This element is of type 'XML::EPP::Common::clIDType' and is not required.

=item B<roid>

This element is of type 'XML::EPP::Common::roidType' and is not required.

=item B<updated>

This element is of type 'PRANG::XMLSchema::dateTime' and is not required.  It corresponds to the XML element of name 'upDate'.

=item B<creator_id>

This element is of type 'XML::EPP::Common::clIDType' and is not required.  It corresponds to the XML element of name 'crID'.

=item B<name>

This element is of type 'XML::EPP::Common::labelType' and is not required.

=item B<status>

This element is of type 'ArrayRef[XML::EPP::Domain::Status]' and is not required.  It can be provided at most 11 times.

=item B<contact>

This element is of type 'ArrayRef[XML::EPP::Domain::Contact]' and is not required.

=item B<trDate>

This element is of type 'PRANG::XMLSchema::dateTime' and is not required.

=item B<updated_by_id>

This element is of type 'XML::EPP::Common::clIDType' and is not required.  It corresponds to the XML element of name 'upID'.

=item B<client_id>

This element is of type 'XML::EPP::Common::clIDType' and is not required.  It corresponds to the XML element of name 'clID'.

=item B<expiry_date>

This element is of type 'PRANG::XMLSchema::dateTime' and is not required.  It corresponds to the XML element of name 'exDate'.

=item B<host>

This element is of type 'ArrayRef[XML::EPP::Common::labelType]' and is not required.

=item B<ns>

This element is of type 'XML::EPP::Domain::NS::List' and is not required.

=item B<created>

This element is of type 'PRANG::XMLSchema::dateTime' and is not required.  It corresponds to the XML element of name 'crDate'.

=item B<auth_info>

This element is of type 'XML::EPP::Domain::AuthInfo' and is not required.  It corresponds to the XML element of name 'authInfo'.

=back

=head1 SEE ALSO

ToMake

=head1 AUTHOR AND LICENSE

Development commissioned by NZ Registry Services, and carried out by
Catalyst IT - L<http://www.catalyst.net.nz/>

Copyright 2009, 2010, NZ Registry Services.  This module is licensed
under the Artistic License v2.0, which permits relicensing under other
Free Software licenses.

=cut

