=head1 NAME

? - implement ?

=head1 SYNOPSIS

TODO

=head1 DESCRIPTION

...

=head2 XML Schema Definition

 <!--
 <info> response elements.
 -->
 <complexType name="infDataType">
   <sequence>
     <element name="id" type="eppcom:clIDType"/>
     <element name="roid" type="eppcom:roidType"/>
     <element name="status" type="contact:statusType"
      maxOccurs="7"/>
     <element name="postalInfo" type="contact:postalInfoType"
      maxOccurs="2"/>
     <element name="voice" type="contact:e164Type"
      minOccurs="0"/>
     <element name="fax" type="contact:e164Type"
      minOccurs="0"/>
     <element name="email" type="eppcom:minTokenType"/>
     <element name="clID" type="eppcom:clIDType"/>
     <element name="crID" type="eppcom:clIDType"/>
     <element name="crDate" type="dateTime"/>
     <element name="upID" type="eppcom:clIDType"
      minOccurs="0"/>
     <element name="upDate" type="dateTime"
      minOccurs="0"/>
     <element name="trDate" type="dateTime"
      minOccurs="0"/>
     <element name="authInfo" type="contact:authInfoType"
      minOccurs="0"/>
     <element name="disclose" type="contact:discloseType"
      minOccurs="0"/>
   </sequence>
 </complexType>

=head2 Attributes

There are no xml attributes on this element.

=head2 Elements

=over

=item B<roid>

This element is of type 'XML::EPP::Common::roidType' and is not required.

=item B<email>

This element is of type 'XML::EPP::Common::minTokenType' and is not required.

=item B<id>

This element is of type 'XML::EPP::Common::clIDType' and is not required.

=item B<updated>

This element is of type 'PRANG::XMLSchema::dateTime' and is not required.  It corresponds to the XML element of name 'upDate'.

=item B<creator_id>

This element is of type 'XML::EPP::Common::clIDType' and is not required.  It corresponds to the XML element of name 'crID'.

=item B<disclose>

This element is of type 'XML::EPP::Contact::Disclose' and is not required.

=item B<status>

This element is of type 'ArrayRef[XML::EPP::Contact::Status]' and is not required.  It can be provided at most 7 times.

=item B<trDate>

This element is of type 'PRANG::XMLSchema::dateTime' and is not required.

=item B<fax>

This element is of type 'XML::EPP::Contact::E164' and is not required.

=item B<updated_by_id>

This element is of type 'XML::EPP::Common::clIDType' and is not required.  It corresponds to the XML element of name 'upID'.

=item B<client_id>

This element is of type 'XML::EPP::Common::clIDType' and is not required.  It corresponds to the XML element of name 'clID'.

=item B<postal_info>

This element is of type 'ArrayRef[XML::EPP::Contact::PostalInfo]' and is not required.  It corresponds to the XML element of name 'postalInfo'.  It can be provided at most 2 times.

=item B<created>

This element is of type 'PRANG::XMLSchema::dateTime' and is not required.  It corresponds to the XML element of name 'crDate'.

=item B<voice>

This element is of type 'XML::EPP::Contact::E164' and is not required.

=item B<auth_info>

This element is of type 'XML::EPP::Contact::AuthInfo' and is not required.  It corresponds to the XML element of name 'authInfo'.

=back

=head1 SEE ALSO

ToMake

=head1 AUTHOR AND LICENSE

Development commissioned by NZ Registry Services, and carried out by
Catalyst IT - L<http://www.catalyst.net.nz/>

Copyright 2009, 2010, NZ Registry Services.  This module is licensed
under the Artistic License v2.0, which permits relicensing under other
Free Software licenses.

=cut

