=head1 NAME

? - implement ?

=head1 SYNOPSIS

TODO

=head1 DESCRIPTION

...

=head2 XML Schema Definition

 <!--
 <transfer> response elements.
 -->
 <complexType name="trnDataType">
 <sequence>
  <element name="name" type="eppcom:labelType"/>
  <element name="trStatus" type="eppcom:trStatusType"/>
  <element name="reID" type="eppcom:clIDType"/>
  <element name="reDate" type="dateTime"/>
  <element name="acID" type="eppcom:clIDType"/>
  <element name="acDate" type="dateTime"/>
  <element name="exDate" type="dateTime"
   minOccurs="0"/>
 </sequence>
 </complexType>

=head2 Attributes

There are no xml attributes on this element.

=head2 Elements

=over

=item B<action_date>

This element is of type 'PRANG::XMLSchema::dateTime' and is not required.  It corresponds to the XML element of name 'acDate'.

=item B<name>

This element is of type 'XML::EPP::Common::labelType' and is not required.

=item B<requester>

This element is of type 'XML::EPP::Common::clIDType' and is not required.  It corresponds to the XML element of name 'reID'.

=item B<requested>

This element is of type 'PRANG::XMLSchema::dateTime' and is not required.  It corresponds to the XML element of name 'reDate'.

=item B<action_id>

This element is of type 'XML::EPP::Common::clIDType' and is not required.  It corresponds to the XML element of name 'acID'.

=item B<expiry_date>

This element is of type 'PRANG::XMLSchema::dateTime' and is not required.  It corresponds to the XML element of name 'exDate'.

=item B<trStatus>

This element is of type 'XML::EPP::Common::trStatusType' and is not required.

=back

=head1 SEE ALSO

ToMake

=head1 AUTHOR AND LICENSE

Development commissioned by NZ Registry Services, and carried out by
Catalyst IT - L<http://www.catalyst.net.nz/>

Copyright 2009, 2010, NZ Registry Services.  This module is licensed
under the Artistic License v2.0, which permits relicensing under other
Free Software licenses.

=cut

