
=head1 XML::EPP CHANGES

This POD file documents a summary of the changes in XML::EPP.  For the
full list of changes, refer to the git history.

=head2 VERSION 0.04 - 26 JUNE 2010

=over

=item *

Fixes for Info/Contact Response (what is required/optional)

=item *

Use MooseX::StrictConstructor to help when generating classes

=item *

Helpers to various PRANG classes

=item *

Fix POD for XML Schema Definitions

=item *

Initial setup of Pod for most Domain/Host/Contact classes

=item *

Added make-docs.pl

=item *

Load all XML::EPP::Domain/Host/Contact classes

=item *

Now depends on the latest PRANG

=back

=head2 VERSION 0.03 - 7 May 2010

=over

=item *

Implementations of both the RFC5731 Domain mapping and the RFC5733
Contact mapping.  This should mean that PRANG now parses and emits all
of core EPP standard object types.

=item *

Relax some incorrect version requirements (perl 5.10.1 is I<not>
required!), and add a missing dependency that was causing many CPAN
testers failures.

=item *

Some (backwards-incompatible, but forewarned) API changes relating to
renaming attributes from their XML forms to more perlish names.  eg
C<clTRID> becomes C<client_id>

=back

=head2 VERSION 0.02 - 26 Apr 2010

=over

=item *

An implementation of the RFC5732 host mapping.  Currently
undocumented, but the L<PRANG::XMLSchema::Guide> shipped with PRANG
0.07 describes in detail the construction of this mapping.

=item *

API "stabilization" of various classes relating to C<greeting>
messages; L<XML::EPP::DCP>, L<XML::EPP::Greeting>


=item *

B<XML::EPP::Result> now automatically sets the C<msg> property based
on the result code.

=back

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<XML::EPP>

=head1 COPYRIGHT

Copyright 2010, NZ Registry Services.  This documentation is licensed
under the Artistic License v2.0, which permits relicensing under other
Free Software licenses.

=cut
